of any social media app in history
threads was the fastest to 1 million 10
million and now over 100 million users
it took Netflix three and a half years
it took Twitter two years it took
Facebook 10 months it even took
Instagram two and a half months but it
only took one and a half hours for
Threads to reach over 1 million active
users threads is the number one app on
both the US app store and the Google
Play store and is the most popular most
talked about most trending social media
app in the last few years
personally I think it's too early to say
definitively that threads is here to
stay and that it's going to last the
test of time like Tick Tock has but I
can tell you that threads is where all
of the attention is at right now and we
are in the attention economy so not
paying attention to threads is missing
out on a huge opportunity but of course
one of the first questions is how do we
grow our following on threads whether
that's to become an influence to reach
and Inspire more people or to generate
more lead needs and potential customers
for your business in order to make more
sales we need to know how do we grow our
following on threads and that's why I
have for you my nine top tips for
growing your following on threads and
make sure to stick around to the end
because at the very end I have some
bonus tips for you which arguably are
going to be more important than these
nine actual strategies for growing your
following so watch this whole video or
if you're super lazy then skip to the
end but if we're being honest here
listen to these nine strategies and then
these bonus tips are going to be the
biggest deal breakers for growing your
following on threads now I do want to
give some disclaimers before we get into
this list and that is that of course
threads is brand new at the time of
recording this it is less than a week
old and so that might lead many people
especially the Skeptics and the critical
people on social media the haters if you
will to say you can't possibly know how
to grow on threads yeah you can't
possibly know the ins and outs of this
platform yet it's so new there's no way
and what I will say is you are
absolutely right there is no way to know
everything there's no way to know every
strategy and every minute detail every
nuanced difference between threads and
other platforms but what I can tell you
is this number one threads is highly
integrated with Instagram it was
developed by Instagram and so that tells
us that gives us a clue as to what is
going to work well on threads that gives
us a clue as to how the threads
algorithm is going to work and
Instagram's CEO as well as many other
Instagram staff members have already
begun publicly sharing some things about
how threads Works number two while
threads might be new the idea of a
text-based social media is not new
Twitter has been around for a very long
time and there have been so many
countless studies over the decade plus
of Twitter being in existence that have
shown us without fail what works on
Twitter and what doesn't work on Twitter
now of course threads and Twitter are
not carbon copy word for word identical
mirrors of each other but they are super
similar and that gives us a clue that
what works pretty well on Twitter is
also going to work pretty well on
threads and then the final thing that I
want to tell you is that despite threads
being a new app marketing is not based
on what new app you're on what algorithm
has changed recently marketing is based
off of human psychology and the last
time I checked that's a lot more than a
week old the practices and strategies
for gaining attention for growing a
following for building trust and
converting people from a warm follower
into an actual lead or a sale generally
speaking are very similar across every
social network and that's because it
doesn't really matter what kind of
content you're sharing what industry
you're in or what platform you're on you
are ultimately selling and posting
content for people and while user habits
and behaviors might change over time and
Trends are constantly evolving what
people are interested in and what they
don't really care for is constantly
adapting and evolving over time as well
what I can tell you is that there are
some principles and Strat strategies
that remain relatively true and
Universal across every platform now of
course nothing is one size fits all I
would be the worst coach in history if I
believe that something worked 100 of the
time for all people there are always
exceptions to every rule there are
always anomalies there are always
exceptions within studies but what I can
tell you is that what I'm about to share
with you in this episode has been proven
to work on Twitter or it has been proven
to be very effective on Instagram or me
maybe even more broadly across social
media as a whole and so I can tell you
pretty confidently that these strategies
are likely going to work on threads as
well but what if they don't what if one
of these nine strategies that I'm about
to share with you doesn't work on
threads or it works for most people but
it doesn't work for you on threads
that's perfectly fine I'm not saying
that this is the rules or this is the
Bible or this is the nine Commandments
of threads because like I said there are
always going to be exceptions and so I
think it's a great thing for you if you
figure out that one of these strategies
does doesn't work for you because what
does that mean that means that you're
one step closer to finding the strategy
that does at least you can cross off one
of these nine or maybe multiple of these
nine knowing that hey this isn't going
to work for me this doesn't apply to my
account I can now look for alternative
strategies or different ways to grow on
threads in case you have no idea who I
am you don't follow me and this is the
first ever YouTube video of mine that
you've ever watched the first podcast
you've ever listened to from me my name
is Brock Johnson and I've grown over 600
000 followers on Instagram in the last
few years starting in 2021 I began
growing my account at an average of 1
000 followers per day and that was 100
organic I wasn't paying for any Bots or
fake followers or anything like that
those were real followers who I was
reaching and most importantly those
followers were transitioning into
customers we were converting those
followers into students into people who
are a part of our membership and our
clubs and it's my job to help you do the
same so if you're ready to grow on
Instagram if you're ready to start
reaching a new following and selling and
making money on social media you're in
the right play place and I hope you
consider following or subscribing for
more so let's talk about it the nine
strategies for growing on threads what
are they number one first and foremost I
hate to say this but I have to say it is
you gotta just sign up and I know that's
Elementary you've likely already signed
up at the time that you're watching this
but when you sign up for Threads there's
a button and if you've signed up already
you've likely seen this there's a button
where you can essentially press that yes
you want to follow everyone who you're
following on Instagram as I've already
said in this podcast and as I've said in
previous podcasts about threads
Instagram and threads are highly
integrated and so you have essentially
One account in fact that's what the
Instagram CEO has used to define your
threads account it's the same as your
Instagram account now you don't
automatically have all the same
followers on Instagram as you do on
threads and they are different kinds of
content but a good way to think about it
is you have one parent account and it
just branches off onto two different
platforms Instagram and threads so with
that being said when you sign up you
might have experienced this already but
you will likely automatically get at
least a few followers who have come over
directly from Instagram and just press
that follow all button but there's
nothing new in that strategy and in fact
I wouldn't even really call that one a
strategy that's just the basic bare
minimum is sign up for Threads but it is
worth noting because on most other
platforms when you sign up you start
from zero but one difference with thread
and I think this was a really smart
strategic marketing decision by
Instagram is that when you sign up you
have a built-in audience you have a
built-in existing platform so myself I'm
actually already over 100
000 followers on threads and granted a
lot of those people have just come over
from Instagram and pressed that follow
all button and now they're following me
on threads the second strategy for
growing your following on threads and
this is probably going to be the most
impactful one or the one that is going
to lead to the most new follows and that
is sharing repostable content that is
content that people press the repost
button on thus sharing your content onto
their feed although we don't have an
exact statistic stick for how many
average views or new followers you can
expect per share or per repost on
threads what I can tell you is that on
average on Instagram when someone
presses that share button your reel will
increase by 400 views so that can tell
us that can give us a clue that on
threads when people are reposting our
threads when they are sharing them
essentially to their followers it's a
great way to reach new people and to get
discovered on threads especially as we
currently stand with no hashtags and no
real Discovery feature on threads that's
a quick disclaimer that I want to make
is of course this will adapt and evolve
over time as the time I'm recording this
like I said earlier we are less than a
week into threads so they are working on
discoverability they are working on
adding hashtags to the platform but at
the time of recording this those don't
exist so we have to be kind of strategic
and do some fancy footwork in order to
reach new people and get discovered and
of course when threads does come out
with better discoverability and hashtags
I will do an updated podcast explaining
the best practices there those won't be
included in today's episode but I can
tell you this when Instagram or I should
say threads releases new discoverability
tools especially hashtags you're
probably going to want to start using
them but before we move on from strategy
number two of sharing repostable content
let's talk about what even is repostable
what are things that typically get
reposted more than others I think
generally there are four kinds of posts
that get re-shared or reposted the most
and these are really easy to implement
into any threads account no matter what
industry you're in first of all threads
that evoke emotions whether these
emotions are positive or negative
whether you're inciting fear or inciting
gratitude in your followers when you can
move their emotions that is likely to
get re-shared because someone felt moved
and they want their followers to feel
moved as well there have been two ways
that I've been doing this already on my
own threads account one of them has been
just expressing pride and not pride in
myself but pride in my followers telling
them how proud I am of them how thankful
I am for them and how much they should
be proud of themselves that evokes a lot
of really strong positive emotions and
has been great for engagement on my
threads which of course those reposts
and reshares help me reach more people
and the other thing I've been doing and
this might sound a little bad but it's
intentionally invoking some negative
emotions and we're going to talk more
about this later but this is genuine
this is not me trying to create a mob or
get people angry just for the sake of
anger but I haven't been holding back my
own negative experience or my quote
unquote negative thoughts with threads
I've been talking about some of the
issues with threads some of the issues
with Instagram some of the things that
I'm unhappy with that have been going on
with the platforms recently and
expressing those concerns if you will
and those things are getting re-shared
because if you think about it and again
we'll talk about this a little bit more
later but essentially what's going on
here is that people have been feeling
this same way and it doesn't have to be
necessarily negative thoughts about
threads but whatever the negative thing
that people are feeling in your
community they've been feeling this way
but they haven't been able to articulate
it the way you can or they haven't been
willing to articulate it the way you can
so I've been sharing my honest yet
negative thoughts and experiences and
those have in turn been invoking or
evoking I should say negative emotions
which then get reshares the second kind
of thing that generally or typically
gets re-shared is calls to arms and
these are essentially where you're
asking other people to get involved
you're asking other people to support
and some things that you might say here
is like we all need to support each
other or we all need to team up or we
all need to help each other out with
this sort of thing oftentimes some of
the most highly shared posts are posts
where people feel like they're a part of
a community and they are trying to you
know Call to Arms and get each other
involved in something you know you might
think of like the most liked picture on
Instagram which I know recently became a
photo of Lionel Messi after the World
Cup but prior to that that it was what
was called the world record egg and the
world record egg was quite literally
just a photo of an egg and everyone kind
of rallied behind this idea of let's all
make this the most liked picture in the
history of Instagram and so everyone was
sharing it and everyone was tagging each
other in it let's make sure to like this
post let's make sure to share this post
and now it's like a an extreme example
but nonetheless asking for people's help
quite literally calling them to engage
or to share or to repost for a specific
greater purpose is a great way to get
more shares the Third Kind of content
that typically gets a lot of reposts and
shares is relatable memes things that
when you see it you're like oh my gosh
this is so me I totally relate to this
that kind of content is highly share
worthy and of course that's going to
look very different depending on what
industry you're in if you are working on
sharing budget cooking advice for
Bachelors in their 40s the kind of
relatable content you're going to be
sharing is very different than if you
are sharing beginner rock climber tip
tips for women in their 20s very
different relatable content but
nonetheless relatable content is very
repostable and then the fourth and final
category of things that typically we see
as very repostable and getting a lot of
shares on social media and it's likely
going to get a lot of reposts on threads
as well is breaking news and now I know
not every industry is going to have
breaking news not every industry is
going to have trending topics and things
that are constantly evolving and
changing I'm lucky enough to be in a
niche where I talk a lot about Instagram
and social media where there is never a
shortage of breaking news algorithm
updates new features and changes to talk
about but maybe there are some trending
topics some things in pop culture or
some news in general that you could talk
about that do relate to your industry
now again that was only strategy number
two of the nine that I'm sharing with
you that was to share re-shareable or to
post repostable content content that is
going to get shared and reposted is a
great way to reach new people and to
grow your following if you've already
gotten some value out of this video if
you've already learned something new or
you find this educational do me a favor
and do the bare minimum of at least
liking this video or liking this podcast
if you found this very valuable and you
want more content just like this don't
forget to subscribe and maybe even do
the craziest thing ever which would be
sharing this with a friend sending in
your group chat maybe even posting it on
your Instagram stories or heck maybe
even posting this to your threads
account and encouraging other people to
watch or listen to this episode but hey
let's move on to the third strategy that
I have for you on how to grow on threads
and that is to incentivize engagement
now the most basic way that you can
incentivize engagement is with some sort
of a giveaway if you like this post I'm
going to be randomly selecting one
person to win a 500 Visa gift card if
you re-share this thread then I'm going
to be rewarding every single person who
re-shares it with a free Instagram
profile review I've even some people on
threads saying hey I'm gonna follow back
my next 100 followers now in my opinion
this strategy is not the most authentic
or Genuine it's also something that I
would not recommend doing very often but
if you do giveaways from time to time or
you do incentivize engagement from time
to time it can be effective of course
you do risk a few things with this
strategy first and foremost as I already
said it's not super authentic and it can
come across a little bit spammy second
thing you risk is that if you do this
strategy too often if you do too many
giveaways or you're too frequently
trying to incentivize engagement it
loses its luster like it feels like it's
not that special and it feels like
people and this is speaking for the
people who are your followers and who
would be entering into this giveaway
they feel like well why should I join
this one if there's going to be another
one tomorrow why should I follow this
guy now or share her post right now when
I'm gonna have another opportunity to do
it tomorrow it's not that special and
then the third thing that you risk and
this might be the biggest risk of all
when incentivizing engagement or
incentivizing follows is that what
happens when the giveaway is over what
happens when you select the random
winner are all of those people going to
unfollow which sucks bucks now you lost
all those followers you thought you had
or are they going to remain following
but just not really be engaged because
they were only ever interested in the
first place in winning the giveaway not
in genuinely following you so there are
right and wrong ways to do it I do
highly recommend checking back on one of
our previous episodes of build your
tribe where we talked about giveaways
and how to do them more effectively
because there is a fine line to walk
here but when done correctly it can be a
great way to increase engagement and new
followers the fourth tip that I have for
you to grow your following on threads is
don't just use it as a place to share
content and to post a bunch and to be
your own talking head on a soapbox
instead turn it into a dialogue and you
can do this by engaging with your own
replies and engaging with the comments
that you're getting on your own posts
absolutely but also going out of your
way to engage with other people who are
in your same Niche or at least in your
same industry that way you establish
yourself as a thought leader you give
yourself a voice at the table so to
speak because now you are actively
participating in Social keyword social
media you're engaging with people you're
building relationships people feel like
they trust you they feel really
connected and engaged to you like you're
not just some robot who's spitting out
endless posts on threads you're actually
a real human being who cares about what
people have to say whether they agree or
disagree with you one way that I've
strategically done this is I have asked
people to ask me questions I did one
thread where I said hey ask me Instagram
questions below and I will answer you
and then I did go through and answer
about 15 or 20 questions which shows my
followers who didn't get a response that
I am responding and for those people who
got a response who got an answer for me
they're that much more likely to engage
with me in the future because they've
already had a taste of me engaging back
with them the fifth strategy that I have
for you for growing your following on
threads and this one is no secret this
works pretty much everywhere is
encourage your followers on your other
platforms to follow you on threads maybe
even if you only have have a few hundred
followers maybe you're brand new on Tick
Tock maybe you only have you know 150
followers on Instagram maybe you don't
even have a YouTube channel you don't
have a podcast at least use your other
platforms to promote your threads but
here's the key don't just say follow me
on threads give them a reason why maybe
you're going to incentivize it like we
talked about earlier or maybe you're
just going to tell them here's the
specific unique thing that I'm going to
be sharing on threads it needs to be
clear to your followers why they should
follow you on threads sure I follow you
on Instagram and I like your content
there but what am I going to get that's
different on threads am I getting new
ideas am I getting A New Perspective am
I getting a new view of you is it going
to be more intimate more personal am I
going to get special offers Special
coupons special deals am I going to get
more thought-provoking or more in-depth
content am I going to get slower
tutorials with more words and more text
on screen on threads is there going to
be unique content or is it just going to
be another platform where you're going
to be reposting everything that you post
on Instagram speaking of reposting onto
threads everything that you post on
Instagram tip number six for growing
your following on threads is post some
original content now I talked about this
in our previous episode that I did on
threads is that eventually threads is
going to be a place where you're going
to see a ton of repurposed re-posted
content content that you have previously
shared on other platforms that you are
now sharing onto threads as well and I
even recommended that in that previous
episode as a possible starting point for
your content if you're at a loss of what
to post but if we're talking real growth
if we're talking becoming a thought
leader growing a community increasing
engagement and just growing a following
on threads then if all you're doing is
reposting your reels and reposting your
photos and sharing your tick tocks and
the links to your YouTube videos on
threads it's going to be boring and no
one's going to want to follow you so
post original content post original
thoughts original ideas things that come
to your mind things that are on your
brain things that you've been thinking
about the shower thoughts post those
things on threads if all you're doing is
repurposing and reposting you're
probably not going to grow very much on
threads speaking of original ideas and
original content my seventh strategy for
you to grow your following on threads is
dare to be bold and dare I even say a
little bit controversial with what
you're posting on threads now let me add
a disclaimer right here I am not saying
you should try to get canceled I'm not
saying that you should say anything
that's you know hateful or spread
anything that's super negative or be
like racist or anything like that on
threads I'm not saying that I'm not
saying that you should turn threads into
a new place to get in political
arguments but what I am saying is if you
have an opinion that maybe is not super
common in your Niche or maybe it's
contradictory to what some other thought
leaders in your industry might say or
believe or maybe it's a critique on
something that most people love in that
way it's controversial it is not the
mainstream popular opinion but it is
your opinion it is something that you
believe in it is something that you hold
true to yourself share it on threads
that kind of content is oftentimes very
engaging and like we talked about
earlier shareable or repostable content
because it's the kind of content that
people are like I don't really want to
say this myself or I don't know how but
this other person said it this person I
follow said it so I'm gonna reshare it
I'm gonna repost it it's a way that your
followers can kind of say things without
having to directly say it themselves and
then any backlash is going to be
directed at you as the original poster
of the controversial thread rather than
at them for simply reposting it at least
usually speaking one example of this
that I did on my own threads is very
early on I think it might have been even
within the first 24 hours of threats
coming out I made a post about why are
we all so against promotions and sales
and advertisements I mean yes threads
was very fun in the first 24 hours when
there were no sales and promotions and
ads but if we were being honest that was
never going to last as much as we wanted
to hold on to it we live in a
capitalistic Society in the attention
economy and threads is where all the
attention is so let's not you know be
altruistic or let's not pretend be
benevolent that you know everything is
just going to be perfect in rainbows and
flowers and there's never going to be
any advertisements I was like let's be
real eventually there are going to be
ads and promotions on here so why not be
the first why are we handcuffing
ourselves and waiting for everyone else
to start doing it to make it okay for us
to start doing it as well I made a
thread posted about that and it got a
lot of backlash a lot of people were
like no you're wrong we should try to
hold on to this we should try to make
this as original and as ad free and
promotion free as we possibly can we
should try to make this a place where
there's no pressures and no expectations
and no thoughts of followers or sales or
anything like that we should try that
and I was like yeah sure like that would
be great but if we're being real here
that's not how it's gonna be it's not
gonna last that way look at the history
of any meta platform of Facebook of
Instagram look at how social media
trends that's where threads is
eventually going to be headed so why are
we waiting why are we allowing ourselves
to fall behind everyone else who is not
afraid of being cringe or not afraid of
selling and promoting on threads and
that thread whether or not as I'm saying
this right now whether or not you
believe me or not whether or not you're
on my side you agree or you disagree
that created a lot of Engagement and
people who agree with me people who side
with me in that argument are likely
going to follow me because they feel
like they have found someone who is
speaking what they believe in if you
disagree however one of two things is
going to happen either you're not going
to follow me which is perfectly fine I
recognize I'm not for everyone I can't
make everyone happy and that's totally
fine so those people they're not going
to be a part of my community but they
often times are going to tell me about
it and they're going to tell me how much
they disagree and they're going to start
an argument those arguments are extra
replies that's extra comments it's the
old saying there's no such thing as bad
publicity all publicity is good
publicity it's kind of the same with
engagement there's no such thing as bad
engagement even someone arguing and
disagreeing and you know saying that
they're going to unfollow you because
they don't believe in what you just said
that at the end of the day is going to
help you reach more people and probably
even more people who are your ideal
follower and who will be following you
on threads my eighth tip for you to grow
your following on threads is to Post
photo based content rather than video
based content on threads now this is a
hunch that has been based off my own
experience and what I have seen over on
Twitter but when posting videos onto
threads it might feel to a lot of users
like that is not their expectation and
that doesn't really meet the dress code
of threads a lot of people go to threads
to consume non-video content because
every other platform is dominated by
video like Tick Tock and Instagram and
YouTube shorts people go to threads to
specifically consume non-video content
but at the end of the day we are visual
creatures and photos are going to grab
our attention a lot more than a
well-written paragraph is going to so a
way that you can still will grab people
with visual content but not post videos
is to post photos so I've seen
infographics and multiple posts kind of
like slide shows we might call them
carousels on Instagram on threads I
don't know if we really have a name for
yet we're just calling them photo posts
or or slideshow style posts those have
been performing very well and one of the
cool things about threads is you don't
have to conform like you do on Instagram
to a certain aspect ratio you can post
horizontal pictures on threads you can
post square pictures on threads and they
can be full HD full resolution or close
to it and it's a great way to stop
people scroll and to grab some views
which can potentially convert into
followers My ninth and I'm not going to
say final because I actually have some
bonus tips for you but my ninth tip to
grow on threads is to create threads and
let me explain I don't mean to create an
account I mean to create threads the way
we would on Twitter so I know that was
confusing let me explain on threads and
on Twitter you can post these things
that are called threads and in fact
that's likely where the name threads for
the app came from and on Twitter what
these were is where you would post a
tweet and then you would reply to your
own tweet and then you would reply to
your own tweet and reply to your own so
it would create kind of like a a thread
where people could scroll through why
would someone do this well because there
is a character limit there's character
limit on Twitter and on threads the
character limit is 500 so let's say you
have something that you want to share a
story you want to tell some tips you
want to give some recommendations
whatever it may be but it can't all fit
nicely within that 500 character limit
what you can do is press return return
and that will start a new thread or you
can post that first one and then just
press the reply button and reply to
yourself and then post another one and
then another one and another one and
this is a great way to create long-form
content on a text-based platform which
should essentially help you hack watch
time basically what that means is that
people are spending more time reading
through your multiple replies and your
thread and thus your threat is more
likely to be shown to more people but
Pro tip here and this is kind of like a
bonus strategy for growing your
following on threads is at the bottom of
that thread at the bottom of all of
those replies include a call to action
to follow to follow you and this is the
bonus tip even if you're not doing a
thread you should occasionally be
including calls to action at the bottom
of your post telling people to follow
you especially if it's a post that you
know is going to get a lot of shares or
it's a post that you know is going to
reach a lot of people or maybe it's a
post that you didn't expect to but for
whatever reason it is reaching a lot of
people reply to yourself or add to the
bottom to follow you for more follow for
more tips like this follow for more
stories like this follow for more
content like this directly ask people to
follow you I mean if our goal is to gain
followers we should be asking people to
follow us don't be shy about it it's not
cringe-worthy it is quite literally one
of the most effective strategies for
growing a following on any social media
is to straight up ask people to follow
and then my final bonus strategy for
growing your following on threads and
this is one that I should have said from
the start this should have been number
zero before we even got into the top
nine strategies and that is you should
be posting about One Singular thing one
topic one Niche if you want to grow if
your goal is growth and reaching new
people then ideally you should be
posting about one topic because then
when you're posting about that one topic
it allows people to all come together
around that one thing it allows people
to collectively look at your page and
say oh hey she's posting all about cake
baking tips oh hey he's posting all
about terrariums whatever it may be and
they're able to see that they want to
follow you if you're posting about every
random thought and idea every random
interest passion and hobby then the only
way you're going to gain a follower is
if someone Scrolls through your page and
your most recent threads and they
actually agree or like every single
different interest and passion hobby
that you've recently posted about and
the likelihood of that being the case is
likely a lot lower lower than them
simply saying hey this person posts all
about making sushi and I want to learn
how to make sushi so I'm going to follow
this person instead if you're posting
about making sushi and bonsai trees and
you're posting about Pokemon and you're
posting about your kid and you're
posting about threads in general well
then someone's gonna look at that and
they're gonna say uh I don't know if I
really want to follow this person they
might have had one great post but I'm
not going to follow them because I'm
only interested in that one topic I'm
not interested in these eight other
unrelated topics and so that's why
generally speaking on every social
network if you want to grow or at least
if you want to grow fast and effective
it's beneficial to Niche down now you
don't have to use threats to grow you
can use threads as a creative Outlet you
can use threads just for posting
whatever you want you can use threads in
whatever way or style you want you don't
even have to use threads if you don't
want to but if you want to grow on
threads I know you might not like
hearing this but is going to be most
beneficial you are going to Row the
fastest if you stick to a niche thank
you so much for listening and or
watching today I really appreciate it if
you learned something new don't forget
to press that like button as the
YouTubers say smash that like button
press the Subscribe button if you aren't
already so you can get more of our
upcoming lessons and videos about
threads where we cover threads a little
bit more in depth but I would love to
hear your feedback let me know in the
comments what did you think about
today's episode are you growing on
threads is there a strategy that has
worked for you that I didn't cover today
I'd love to hear about that as well but
until next time and as always happy
networking
thank you
[Music]